EC-84: Revise Cache, Catalog and Checkout sections (#3)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/catalog_api/catalog_api.md

# Catalog API

## Accessing product data

> When the URL loads a product, a `CatalogElement` object is provided to the template. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the URL loads a product, a `CatalogElement` object is added to the template. 
```
OR
```suggestion
When the URL loads a product, a `CatalogElement` object is provided by the template. 
```

}
```

### List of CatalogElements

The `fetchChildrenList()` method enables listing `CatalogElement` or `ProductNode` objects for a given Location ID.
Products with this Location ID are returned.

> Fetch products directly assigned to a `CatalogElement` starting form the first element (offset=0, limit=100).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch products directly assigned to a `CatalogElement` starting from the first element (offset=0, limit=100).
```

The shop uses the language of the current SiteAccess.

``` php
$catalogList = $catalogService->getDataProvider()
        ->fetchChildrenList($locationId, 1, array(), null, 0, 100);
```

> Fetch a list of products using a filter named `productList`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch a list of products using a `productList` filter.
```

## Filtering

> For each data provider filters can be defined. A filter defines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define filters for each data provider in the following way:
```

- which elements are fetched (e.g. just products such as `ses_product`, or just product groups)
- sorting

> A filter's name (e.g. `navigation`) is used as a key to get the filter parameters from the config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A filter's name (e.g. `navigation`) is used as a key to get the filter parameters from the configuration file.
```

> For a list of standard filters see [Catalog configuration](../catalog_configuration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of standard filters, see [Catalog configuration](../catalog_configuration.md).
```
